hi and welcome to Vincenzo's plate in
this episode we are making one of the
world's favorite meanest Ronit soup yes
my way the way I like it
so say it with me I want to teach her to
say it properly me nice throw net Bravo
so let's go into the details and simple
ingredients we need to make a minestrone
soup so we need 1/2 chopped onion 2 big
carrots also chopped and two branches of
celery chopped as well as a bunch of
basil of cauliflower 1 broccoli a small
size a cane of mixed beans and then a
nice big to cleaner chopped then pepper
salt nice extra virgin olive oil in a
beautiful piece of fresh Parmesan cheese
then we need to use these tomato sauce
you can find this everywhere in the
world is the best tomato sauce in the
world and my grandmother uses it and she
said you have to use this one otherwise
it doesn't turn the way patterns then we
need to use some chopped to swell one
one sweet potato chopped 1 vegetable
cubed stock and you add our leader of
Earth water this is a nice piece of
shank steak but you can also use osso
bucco but make sure you get rid of the
fat you don't want any fat in it this is
for all of you who don't know how to
cook
make sure you surprise your loved one
and make this very easy recipe that
everyone will love especially in winter
so let's put about 4 tablespoons of
extra virgin olive oil make sure you pre
the pot on a medium heat and the pot
needs to be nice and big now let's put
the onion in the pot put the carrots
and the salary and we do this we cook it
for about three minutes on a medium heat
and then we add a little bit of water
let's put about off glass of water so we
don't burn the onion now let's cut the
chunk steak into small pieces we want to
get a piece maybe about this big so
that's what we're gonna do is Hey okay
now we're gonna place the meat in the
pot so now we cook it for about five
minutes until the meat becomes nice and
brown
now let's chop the cauliflower into nice
pieces you want the broccoli to be in
almost the same size as the cauliflower
my wife normally cuts the vegetables
into the same pieces they all look the
same
unfortunately can't do that so I'm very
sorry Suzanne I know you will get upset
when you see this now it's time to place
the finely chopped tomato in here this
Mel is taking me back to Italy to my
grandmother's kitchen oh yeah
now let's stir it now it's time for us
to place everything in the pot so we
start from the cauliflower and the
broccoli
yeah beautiful now we place the zucchini
then we want to place the sweet potato
or here's a smell is nice even though
it's windy
and now we have the beans I will say
chop some basil just with a hand like
this now we place the stock so it gets
familiar with a vegetable stir it well
now we're gonna add about one and a half
liters of water and make sure everything
is covered if you need more water if you
need two readers that's fine as long you
cover everything now this is a must in
my grandmother recipe and it's a must
for me as well you should be able to
find in any good Italian delicatessen
the skin of the Parmesan cheese they
should sell it for you now let's cut the
skin into small pieces it's gonna be
nice and hard so you need to press then
we'll make cubed and another one now
let's place these in there this will
give extra flavors to the minestrone
then we add some salt and pepper now we
stir it gently properly when you make
sure everything is is getting together
and then what we're going to do we are
going to cover it and cook it for at
least two hours on our medium slow it
and now basically we have two hours to
do what we want to do I remember every
half an hour maybe going stir don't
forget okay now let's do what you like
to do
sorry guys I fall asleep thank you Bill
tourists airing this for me let's see
this mouth let's let smell the smell oh
my god
two hours of cooking it was definitely
worth it take a look inside look here
this is the smell that you want this is
the importance of cooking zero two hours
to make this you get the flavors low E
and that's the best thing you can do you
cook this enough in our gonna become oh
yeah you don't wanna know what it is not
fast food guys no food now let's put it
in the plate and and see how beautiful
it is and I am rich now what you can do
twelve minutes before you actually serve
it while still boiling you can add this
pasta about hundred and fifty grams of
this this is my favorite pasta for the
minister on it you put in there a nice
absorbs more our water and then you can
serve it actually with the minister on
it today I didn't do it but you can do
it if you don't want to make it with
meat you want to make it vegetarian
you're free to do it okay now let's put
the parmesan in on place nice parmesan
now we want to place three slices of
toast bread toast bread is a must to
have with minestrone ik okay food lovers
thank you very much yeah now but to eat
but please don't forget to subscribe to
the enchanters plate just click the
button below and please just write a
comment just below and let me know what
their favorite what's your favorite
vegetable or ingredient I do
for this recipe well it is now time for
me to enjoy this thank you very much for
watching my video recipe I will see on
the next Vincenzo's plate video recipe a
hora c mangia being change those plates
let's see how this now we get a nice
dress of bread oh yeah look my
grandmother won hmm Thank You
grandmother grass chip